>> Kent C. Dodds: So
our next one is number four.
[COUGH]
>> Kent C. Dodds: And we've
removed a whole bunch of stuff because
now we're gonna get into render props.
So compound components is
this little thing on the side
that I couldn't really fit into the rest
of our exercises that build on each other.
And so we're going back to the basics here
with the toggle component you
built in the first place.
And we're gonna switch to a new API.
If we look at the solution here, we're
seeing we have this, button is on top.
We have this toggle button here.
And then we also have this other
button that can toggle our component.
Well, that's kind of nifty.
How does that work?
Well, in the API that you're going to
implement, you're talking that implicit
state that we were sharing with compound
components and you're making it explicit.
And so now the user of the component
has a little more work to do.
That's a couple more lines of code, but
because of this, they can have a custom
button, or they choose how they
want to render the on and off text.
They have total control over rendering.
That's what you are enabling
with the render prop API.
And with a compound components API,
this is actually not possible without
exposing the context provider.
And then people have to use that
context provider to get things and
actually, by using the context provider,
you consumed a render prop API.
And that was the context, the toggle
context.consumer is a render prop API and
you're gonna implement one of those.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah, I think that's
pretty much it for prep for the excercise.
Does anybody have any questions before
we set you loose and then have lunch?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay, great.
So go ahead and start on this.
I'm gonna reset hard.
Just keep myself updated.
Then you'll untoggle
the final version toggle in
the exercise version and
then run the test.